	
Company: Amazon Corporate LLC. 
Business Sphere: Quality Compliance Inspection. 

Base salary: $50000/year. 

Dates offered: Apr. 01 - Apr. 30 2018. 

Type: Permanent employment. 

Location: Nationwide. 
Traveling Involved: Negligible. 

Job Summary: 
Here at Amazon we are looking to hire a Quality Controller to join the team. This vital position requires an action-orientated, flexible problem-solver who will assist customers in expediting orders and correcting post-sale problems. Quality Controllers communicate with managerial staff primarily via email and utilize a variety of software tools to communicate effective solutions in a fun, and fast paced environment. 

General Job Duties: 
You will accept the packages that will be delivered right to your door, check them for accuracy, ensure the orders correspond with clients' demands and submit all the info on the received goods. 
We will evaluate the seller and send you the data for further shipment logistics. Then you will need to ship out the orders to the specified Amazon warehouses. 
It is an awesome opportunity for you to be a member of our team of professionals and to stop the upsurge of unscrupulous sellers. 

Required Skills Include: 
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written or oral form. 
Self-motivated, and possess a high degree of curiosity and desire to learn new things. 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills. 
Must have good oral and written communication skills. 

Perks: 
401(k) program, dental, life insurance (plus additional supplemental coverage), short & long term disability, profit sharing program, vacation program, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts. 

Why Work With Us? 

This work gives you the possibility to tailor your day to your wishes and make money. 
You will work right in your house not more than 1-3 hours per day. 
You don’t need to go to office. 
There is no strict working time.

 

Please DO NOT RESPOND to this email message . If you want to submit your application for the position please send your application directly to fsq@myemailaddress.co.uk Or just click to the button below.
